---
layout: post
title: "Announcement: Typelevel Summits coming up in 2016"

meta:
  nav: blog
  author: larsrh
---

We have a big announcement to make. In 2016, there will be not just one, but
two Typelevel Summits. Also, we’ve updated our website to include an up-to-date
list of Typelevel projects. There’s been much work behind the scenes which we
will talk about in a later post, so stay tuned!  But first, here are some
details about the Summits.

### Typelevel Summit US

The first Typelevel Summit will be co-located with the Northeast Scala
Symposium in Philadelphia. As Brian Clapper already announced on Twitter, NE
Scala is going to happen on 4th and 5th of March with one day of recorded talks
and one day of unconference. Just today, we finalized the booking of the venue
and are happy to report that the Typelevel Summit will have the same format and
take place on 2nd and 3rd of March at the same venue (The Hub’s Cira Centre,
next to 30th Street Station).

### Typelevel Summit Europe

The second Typelevel Summit will be co-located with
[flatMap(Oslo)](http://2016.flatmap.no/). We will meet on the 4th of May after
the conference at the same venue (Teknologihuset). More details are to be
announced!

### Call for Speakers, Attendance, & FAQs

The planning phase is in full swing and we’ll announce more details soon.
Attendance will probably be limited to about 100. We’re also looking for
sponsors to help pay for the venue and cover other expenses. And we’re also
starting a diversity fund to support people from underrepresented groups, and
to mentor new speakers. If you want to contribute or have any other questions,
please contact us via [info@typelevel.org](mailto:info@typelevel.org).

The Summits are open to all, not just current contributors to and users of the
Typelevel projects, and we are especially keen to encourage participation from
people who are new to them. Whilst many of the Typelevel projects use somewhat
"advanced" Scala, they are a lot more approachable than many people think, and
a major part of Typelevel's mission is to make the ideas they embody much more
widely accessible. So, if you're interested in types and pure functional
programming, want to make those ideas commonplace and are willing to abide by
the Typelevel code of conduct, then the Summits are for you and we'd love to
see you there.
